1. Reflect on any design changes you made and write a paragraph or two explaining how you approached the design
process, and ultimately what you liked and didn’t like about your decisions. As in my original design, the quality of
your design will be a tradeoff against the time you have and the extent to which you engage in upfront design
versus incremental design. You will NOT lose points for pointing out things that you would like to improve in your
design – this is all part of the reflective design process. (5 points)

In order to handle the second train moving WEST-EAST, I had to change a couple logic issues. The gate previously only closed as the
train approached the station, and opened when the train left. One problem was that for each incremental movement, the gate saw that 
the train had left the station, so it wanted to stay open/keep reopening as the other train approached. So, I had to change the bounds
of where the states were updated in order to run two trains in different directions. Most of my design changes came down to checking
positions on the screen and updating things using the observer pattern. Ultimately, I did not like that a lot of my decisions revolved
around hardcoded positions on the screen. However, I feel that refactoring in order to accomplish more abstraction in those areas
would be more time-consuming than what this assignment called for. 


2. In preparation for our future architectural focus, imagine that Mayor Buttigieg wants to build a simulation of traffic
in South Bend and he asks if he can use your design – discuss whether your design (as-is) would scale up or not. List
specific aspects that you think wouldn’t scale well. (5 points)

I think it would be a good start, but it would need more precationary measures. For instance, cars' behaviors are much more unpredictable
than in the game -- especially considering South Bend's roads and weather. The design would scale well in that the crossing gate 
logic should remain the same, but the cars would need a lot more functionality to avoid collisions. The general observer pattern should 
stand, but new road desions, like roundabouts, would need a lot of new functionality.
